ganda this nile crocodile is coming
ashore for a very important event our
babies are about to hatch
[Music]
sheering her mast are some very special
hatchlings ones with cameras in their
eyes they are here to record the
relationships between a mother crocodile
and her young the spy hatchlings have
been filming her for days as she waits
for her real young to arrive the calls
of her babies synchronize their hatching
encouraging a whole brood to a marriage
at once they are also cries for her
attention
[Applause]
for three long months she protected her
eggs day and night as she waited for
this moment
Oh
oh no she meets her babies for the first
time
[Music]
they are delicate and vulnerable but
they are not safe here she must get them
to water our solution is extraordinary
[Music]
despite having the most powerful bite in
nature she carefully gathers them in a
throat pouch beneath the stockade of
deadly teeth she is as gentle as a croc
could ever be
safe and her Kea Till's dangling between
her teeth she takes them to water
you